Convert `README` and `CONTRIBUTING` from Markdown to AsciiDoc (#7527)
jenkinsci/jenkins: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

== Getting started

. Fork the repository on GitHub
. Clone the forked repository to your machine
. Install the necessary development tools. In order to develop Jenkins, you need the following:
* Java Development Kit (JDK) 11 or 17. In the Jenkins project we usually use https://adoptium.net/[Eclipse Temurin] or https://openjdk.java.net/[OpenJDK], but you can use other JDKs as well.
* Apache Maven 3.8.1 or above. You can https://maven.apache.org/download.cgi[download Maven here].
  In the Jenkins project we usually use the most recent Maven release.
* Any IDE which supports importing Maven projects.
* Install https://nodejs.org/en/[NodeJS 16.x]. *Note:* only needed to work on the frontend assets found in the `war` module.
** Frontend tasks are run using https://yarnpkg.com/[yarn]. Run `npm install -g yarn` to install it.
. Set up your development environment as described in https://www.jenkins.io/doc/developer/tutorial/prepare/[Preparing for Plugin Development]

If you want to contribute to Jenkins, or just learn about the project,
you can start by fixing some easier issues.
In the Jenkins issue tracker we mark such issues as `newbie-friendly`.

> You can find them by using this query (check the link) for https://issues.jenkins.io/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20JENKINS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20core%20AND%20labels%20in%20(newbie-friendly)[newbie friendly issues].

Reviewer: Optional, a simpler URL for friendly issues and it presents the issues in a table with priority and plugin name.
```suggestion
You can find them by using this query (check the link) for https://issues.jenkins.io/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=19342[newbie friendly issues].
```

Author: I've got some small other changes planned but for another PR.
I'd like to keep this one with the less change possible from the original, just converting the current content to Asciidoc.

To submit a pull request:

. Commit your changes and push them to your fork on GitHub. It is a good practice is to create branches instead of pushing to master.
. In the GitHub Web UI, click the _New Pull Request_ button.
. Select `jenkinsci` as _base fork_ and `master` as `base`, then click _Create Pull Request_.
* We integrate all changes into the master branch towards the Weekly releases.
* After that, the changes may be backported to the current LTS baseline by the LTS Team.
  Read more about the https://www.jenkins.io/download/lts/[backporting process].
. Fill in the Pull Request description according to the link:.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md[proposed template].
. Click _Create Pull Request_.
. Wait for CI results/reviews, process the feedback.
* If you do not get feedback after 3 days, feel free to ping `@jenkinsci/core-pr-reviewers` in the comments.
* Usually we merge pull requests after 2 approvals from reviewers, no requested changes, and having waited some more time to give others an opportunity to provide their feedback.

>   See link:/docs/MAINTAINERS.adoc[this page] for more information about our review process.

Author: ```suggestion
  See link:MAINTAINERS.adoc[this page] for more information about our review process.
```
(In case https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins/pull/7528 is merged first)
